[Music]
if you are one of those people who says
I wish I could stay in bed forever every
morning I totally get you and I have
great news for you there are people who
are willing to pay you for just that
those people are NASA and the European
Space Agency
they are looking for brave people to
spend over two months in bed for a
better life in space and on earth and
they are willing to pay those people 19
thousand dollars now they are offering
this opportunity not as a well-deserved
rest for lucky chosen ones but to
examine the changes the human body goes
through when weightless by doing so they
hope to be able to invent some new
methods that can neutralize the impact
of special space mode on astronauts when
I heard all about this I was honestly
about to hit the apply button but then I
thought it sounds too good to be true
yeah I'm a healthy skeptic so I looked
into some of the details and realized
this is not exactly an opportunity for
everyone
plus it has some serious strings
attached you have to be a healthy
physically fit non-smoking lady age 24
to 55 and if that sounds doable there's
one more requirement you have to be able
to speak German so let's suppose you got
in is it all gonna be Netflix and video
games well it doesn't look like Netflix
is totally excluded but you'll have to
watch it as well as eat shower and go to
the bathroom while inclined at 6 degrees
with your head and downward and always
in bed you'll be staying in a little
single room for 15 days of preparation
60 days of bed rest and 14 days of after
rest and Rehab so that makes a total of
89 days without getting out or having
any privacy whatsoever scientists will
obviously monitor your activities 24/7
because that's part of the deal you know
your diet will not be super exciting
either nutritionists will control the
fluids and nutrients you get but don't
expect them to add sweeteners or
anything else that normally makes food
yummy
it will all be plain and
and there will be a specially-designed
short-arm human centrifuge to generate
artificial gravity that will be tested
on most of the participants every day
considering the money paid it still
didn't sound too bad to me so I did some
research on the matter I found out that
there was actually a guy who took part
in a similar experiment a couple of
years ago and shared about his
experience online according to him there
were some serious headaches involved and
his spine he didn't exactly have a swell
time either and even though he was in
bed all the time he didn't mean he could
sleep as much as he wanted sleep time
was from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. and there was
no napping allowed it sounds kind of
like a mean joke there was constant
monitoring and he was only allowed to
close the curtains to use the bathroom
which he'd do with a special pee jug the
food he'd get just sat in his chest so
we couldn't really enjoy it and got full
really quick but if the research team
told him to finish it he'd have to do it
the scariest part was when the
experiment was over and he got to stand
up straight again
his heart was pounding at a frightening
150 beats per minute his skin was all
sweaty and itchy the veins on his legs
were about to explode with the flow of
blood they received after months of
lying down it got even worse a few
minutes later and researchers had to put
him back into a horizontal position
before he fainted so okay I thought
maybe the guy just wasn't prepared for
the challenge after all the agency's
website says that it's about showing
resilience and getting to know yourself
better on the medical side in a
stress-free environment where you can
forget about cooking or cleaning for 89
days what if I decided to stay in my own
bed for two months in preparation for
the experiment that's a flat and not a
tilted bed to be clear so I did my
research and here's what will happen to
you if you decide to lay flat in bed for
over 60 days first of all you'll get so
weak you wouldn't be able to lift your
laptop off your lap to watch Netflix
that's because when you aren't moving
your muscles lose 10 to 15 percent of
their original strength every week so
after four weeks you'd be half as
strong as you used to be before the
experiment it takes a lot of effort in
time to cure this muscular atrophy so
keeping your balance and coordination
would be a real nightmare second your
bones would lose their density and you
would break them with even the slightest
fall your joints would deteriorate with
no movement the muscles in your
shoulders knees and hips would become
shorter and the connective tissue in
them would get thicker so walking would
basically become an impossible task and
even though these consequences aren't
visible there is one nasty thing you
won't be able to ignore bed sores caused
by the pressure and limited blood flow
to the skin will quickly pop up on your
knees elbows tailbone heels ankles and
shoulder blades bed sores always get
worse in stages it all starts with
redness inflammation itching and burning
where the bed sores are then as it gets
deeper skin breaks and ulcers come out
if you don't stop the bed sores at this
time it can take three months to a year
to heal them completely this is not
where it all ends either you'll also
have some problems with your heart since
it will have to be quicker to pump the
blood trying to save your life the rate
will increase at one beat per minute
every two days there will be extra fluid
in your lungs because your muscles will
fail to remove it as they should
this means your breathing will get
shallow and you'll put yourself at risk
of pneumonia fat levels in your body
will go up and your endurance will go
down finally you're likely to experience
apathy depression or panic attacks since
your brain will be quite confused by
this experiment as well so before you
decide to learn German real quick and
apply for the job think twice after all
there are nicer and easier ways to make
- for example you could try winning a
hot dog eating contest and see where it
takes you would you like to take part in
such an experiment do you think you'd
survive let me know in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life